docs(contributing): fix a broken link (#1594)
jina-ai/jina: CONTRIBUTING.md

<a name="-before-you-start"></a>
## 🏁 Before you Start

> Make sure you've read through our [README](https://github.com/jina-ai/jina), [Jina 101](https://docs.jina.ai/chapters/101/index.html), and [example tutorials](https://github.com/jina-ai/examples) so you have a good understanding of what Jina is and how it works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you've read through our [README](https://github.com/jina-ai/jina), [Jina 101](https://101.jina.ai), and [example tutorials](https://learn.jina.ai) so you have a good understanding of what Jina is and how it works.
```

Reviewer: @nan-wang we have those shortcuts

> Make sure you've read through our [README](https://github.com/jina-ai/jina), [Jina 101](https://github.com/jina-ai/jina/tree/master/docs/chapters/101), and [example tutorials](https://github.com/jina-ai/examples) so you have a good understanding of what Jina is and how it works.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure you've read through our [README](https://github.com/jina-ai/jina), [Jina 101](https://docs.jina.ai/chapters/101/index.html), and [example tutorials](https://github.com/jina-ai/examples) so you have a good understanding of what Jina is and how it works.
```

Author: @nan-wang It makes sense. 
Taking this into consideration, I think we should change: https://github.com/jina-ai/examples/blob/master/README.md as well.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22430520/103752154-9df5ee00-5009-11eb-9bb9-4e125761fb49.png)
